Address Documentation Feedback and Add Reusable Components (#820)
block/goose: documentation/docs/guides/managing-goose-sessions.md

        
        Type your questions, tasks, or instructions directly into the input field, and Goose will immediately get to work. 

>         ### Start a New Session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ### Start New Session
```

        ```
        goose session -r -n react-migration
        ```
        :::tip

>         While you can resume sessions using the commands above, we recommend creating new sessions for different use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        While you can resume sessions using the commands above, we recommend creating new sessions for new tasks to reduce the chance of [doom spiraling](/docs/troubleshooting#stuck-in-a-loop-or-unresponsive).
```
